As the variable `sap_hana_databases` is a list with many parameters, we present you one by one each parameter.

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Type</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>name</td>
    <td>Name of the virtual machine.</td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>model</td>
    <td>The module proposes 3 models:<br>
        - S: 24vCPU and 384GB of memory<br>
        - M: 48vCPU and 768GB of memory<br>
        - L: 96vCPU and 1436GB of memory<br>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>cpus</td>
    <td>Number of vCPU for the virtual machine.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable model is empty.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>cpus_per_socket</td>
    <td>Number of vCPU per socket for the virtual machine.<br>
        <b>Mandatory even if the variable model is empty.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>memory</td>
    <td>Number of memory (in MB) for the virtual machine.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable model is empty.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>custom_disks</td>
    <td>The module proposes by default six disks:<br>
        &emsp;- disk0 (root) | 128 GB | Thin provisioning<br>
        &emsp;- disk1 (sap) | 32 GB | Thin provisioning<br>
        &emsp;- disk2 (hana-data) | {memory_size} GB | Thick provisioning<br>
        &emsp;- disk3 (hana-log) | {memory_size < 512 ? 1/2 memory_size : 512} GB | Thick provisioning<br>
        &emsp;- disk4 (hana-shared) | {memory_size < 1024 ? memory_size : 1024} GB | Thick provisioning<br>
        &emsp;- disk5 (hana-backup) | {hana-data + hana-log} GB | Thin provisioning<br><br>
        If you want to set your own configuration for disks, set the variable to true.
    </td>
    <td>boolean</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>scsi_controller_count</td>
    <td>Number of SCSI controller.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable custom_disks is true.</b><br><br>
        VMware and SAP recommends to separate hanadata, hanalog and hanabackup on three different SCSI controllers.<br>
    </td>
    <td>number</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>disks</td>
    <td>List of disks wanted if the variable custom_disks has been set to true.<br>
        <b>The default disk are no longer created if the variable custom_disks has been set to true</b><br><br>
        The structure has to be like this:<br>
        [<br>
        { "id" : 0, "label" : "disk0", "size" : "{size in GB}", "thin_provisioned" : {true | false=thick}, "eagerly_scrub": {true (only for thick) | false}, "datastore_name" : "{datastore to store disk}", "datastore_policy" : "{datastore policy}" },<br>
        { "id" : 1, "label" : "disk1", "size" : "{size in GB}", "thin_provisioned" : {true | false=thick}, "eagerly_scrub": {true (only for thick) | false}, "datastore_name" : "{datastore to store disk}", "datastore_policy" : "{datastore policy}" },<br>
        { "id" : 2, "label" : "disk2", "size" : "{size in GB}", "thin_provisioned" : {true | false=thick}, "eagerly_scrub": {true (only for thick) | false}, "datastore_name" : "{datastore to store disk}", "datastore_policy" : "{datastore policy}" },<br>
        ...<br>
        ]<br><br>
        Each SCSI controller has 16 ID, if you want to use the second controller for your second disk, the id must be 15, for the third controller, the id must be 30, etc.<br><br>
        Caution, the datastore policy has to be set with the same behaviour on the thin or thick provisioning. Don't set a thin provisioning in the variable if the datastore policy set a thick provisioning.<br><br>
        You have also the possibility to let the datastore_policy empty (""), the Storage Policy by default for the datastore will be applied.<br><br>
        To know more about the Storage Policy (datastore_policy), please refer to the <a href="https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.7/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUID-89091D59-D844-46B2-94C2-35A3961D23E7.html">official documentation</a> on VMware.
    </td>
    <td>list()</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>networks</td>
    <td>List of network cards.</td>
    <td>list()</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>guest_id</td>
    <td>Operating System to be compatible between ESXi host and the virtual machine.<br>
        To know the possible value for this variable, please refer to the <a href="https://vdc-repo.vmware.com/vmwb-repository/dcr-public/da47f910-60ac-438b-8b9b-6122f4d14524/16b7274a-bf8b-4b4c-a05e-746f2aa93c8c/doc/vim.vm.GuestOsDescriptor.GuestOsIdentifier.html">official list</a> on VMware.
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>vsphere_content_library</td>
    <td>The Content Library name where the OVA is stored, if you want to create the virtual machine from a template.</td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>template</td>
    <td>Name of the template.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable vsphere_content_library has been set.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>iso_datastore</td>
    <td>Datastore name where the ISO file is stored, if you want to add a CD-ROM device and start the virtual machine on it.</td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>iso_path</td>
    <td>Path in the datastore to locate the ISO file.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable iso_datastore is not empty.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>vapp_options</td>
    <td>Map that you want to pass to the virtual machine.<br>
        <b>Only available with template which has vApp Options enabled.</b><br><br>
        Example: <br>
        {<br>
            "guestinfo.hostname" : "vm-sap-hana",<br>
            "guestinfo.user" : "my-user",<br>
            "guestinfo.password" : "123456789ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ",<br>
            "guestinfo.password_crypted" : "False"<br>
        }<br>
    </td>
    <td>map</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>